[ty] improve lazy scope place lookup (#19321)
astral-sh/ruff: crates/ty_python_semantic/resources/mdtest/narrow/conditionals/nested.md

class A:
    x: str | None = None

>     def __bool__(self):
>         return self.x is not None
> 

Reviewer: Why add this? Tests pass without it. We don't assume anything about truthiness of class instances if they don't have a `__bool__` method, because we never know what subclass might.
```suggestion
```

        [reveal_type(x) for _ in range(1)]  # revealed: str

    # When there is a reassignment, any narrowing constraints on the place are invalidated in lazy scopes.
    x = None

    if const is not None:
        def _():

>             # Since there is no reassignment in `const`, no problem with narrowing.

Reviewer 2: Maybe:
```suggestion
            # The `const is not None` narrowing constraint is still valid since `const` has not been reassigned
```

        [reveal_type(x) for _ in range(1)]  # revealed: str

    # When there is a reassignment, any narrowing constraints on the place are invalidated in lazy scopes.
    x = None
```

If a variable defined in a private scope is never reassigned, narrowing remains in effect in the
inner lazy scope.

```py
def f(const: str | None):
    if const is not None:
        def _():
            # The `const is not None` narrowing constraint is still valid since `const` has not been reassigned
            reveal_type(const)  # revealed: str

        class C2:
            reveal_type(const)  # revealed: str

        [reveal_type(const) for _ in range(1)]  # revealed: str
```

And even if there is an attribute or subscript assignment to the variable, narrowing of the variable
is still valid in the inner lazy scope.

```py
def f(l: list[str | None] | None):

>     if l is not None and l[0] is not None:

Reviewer: `l[0] is not None` has no effect on this test, since we never check the type of `l[0]`

```suggestion
    if l is not None:
```

l: list[str | Literal[1] | None] = [None]

def f(x: str | Literal[1] | None, const: str | Literal[1] | None):
    class C:

>         if x is not None:  # TODO: should be an unresolved-reference error

Reviewer: Ah yes, thanks. I mis-read the indentation of the `x = None` below. And even if I hadn't, I probably would have forgotten this subtlety of how class scopes work :) I filed https://github.com/astral-sh/ty/issues/875 for that issue.

Regarding "mis-reading the indentation" -- IMO it would be much more readable if we used more smaller code snippets in these tests, where each snippet is demonstrating a single distinct point of behavior, even though this would make the tests longer overall (because there'd be some things duplicated between the snippets). I find it much harder to read these tests that use long and complex snippets, where a single snippet is demonstrating five or six distinct behaviors/cases.
